yo what is going on guys it's your boy
high on PCP you already know and in this
video right here I'm gonna open up a
shitload i goddamn shit load of an grams
legendary engrams and three exotic eng
grams you saw me pick up in my last
video so yeah let's get straight into it
um oh by the way I just finished the
heart rate the rate on hot mode and I
got in total i don't know i got like
shots and energy you can encounter them
i got a duplicate chest piece i got a
duplicate gauntlet I got duplicate the
helmet and finally finally I got vision
of confluence yes oh yes I just wish my
luck continues so like I said straight
into it I don't you want to talk too
much just look at this shit this is oh
my god let's just one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
legendary anger has got 15 if I don't
get at least one exotic out of those 15
I will be disappointed okay and of
course the three helmet and grams are
born here in my video from yesterday so
yeah um I'm ready I'm good oh let me
just check if I'm at the right character
yeah I wish I don't want to give the
points from other character you know I'm
greedy like that yeah level 100 what
doesn't say 122 sorry I'm a little my
nose is running a little bit so sorry so
yeah guys I don't even want to talk too
much like I do usually just let's get
straight into it I'm gonna stop the
class item and all the gear and i will
probably after the gate i would probably
stop with the exotic elements because we
already know what it's going to be it's
going to be an exotic hamlet know if
it's going to be the one I'm looking for
we shall see but yeah I'm gonna save the
weapons for last and oh I just noticed i
don't even have a heavy weapon ah so no
chance at ball on
got them but okay like I said I don't
want to talk too much yeah let's get
into it well okay that's good for class
item because I sure as hell don't need
those save three energy for glove that's
good a glove and looks various another
glove to energy okay nothing is
impenetrable okay wow this is closed off
for the boots boots okay all the booths
well some Titan boats some more Titan
boots a guy oh my god I can't even and I
can't even should i do the weapons first
and then do the helmet or okay let me
let me let me do it like this I'm gonna
do one helmet and then do the weapons
and then do the two hours okay let's
fucking go very funny okay no I got this
one and it no I just got the vision of
confidence so no thank you sure you know
what you're aiming at no thank you
that's a what was it post rifle I'll
need that shit purify I got it already
gonna trash it like beware have it or
trash it did wisely and two energies oh
man this is this is fucking shit this is
shit like I'm not saying give me give me
an exotic out of every legend
arraignment but come on man yeah well
yeah I said let's just let's just open
up the last two and rams oh I level up
the crib top man let's just see lets you
see um let's open up those helping reps
and please give me the wallet camera
missing just please come
okay got a duplicate of the one I got an
egg fish lips nah man nah this not
checking now dead that not not okay oh
my god guys I oh I don't even know I
don't even know okay I'm probably gonna
level them up again so there's one more
chair okay come on man please just give
me one one more legendary just because
just because oh and I got any spare oh
my god don't play with my heart like
that and don't do this shit to me man I
mean look a look at them they were the
postmaster fucking zur wears you down
back there crip top man bleep they all
in some kind of fucking cult or some
shit man they just wanted to see the
people suffer but okay I digress let me
open this bullshit one man please if
this is the if this is the Geller on
what am I gonna do what am I gonna do
I'm gonna I'm gonna break the disk and
never play again I'm right now I'm not
but yes please come on give me the bell
ball on please please please good weapon
okay let me just say this if this is
void damage i'm actually happy because
oh oh no but it doesn't have to tracking
of the enemies so it's bullshit but i
actually trashed my good one I had a
good one fully upgraded to 300 and with
boy damage and it tracks the opponent
and all that good stuff but um yeah I
like a dumbass i trashed it on accident
so I was hoping this one has the same
perks but it doesn't so probably gonna
trash them
lastly I guess I actually I don't I
don't even want to go over the stuff
honestly because this just duplicate
bullshit and the weapons are bullshit
and this is bullshit and a rate stuff
was good i got the vision of confidence
like i said so i'm happy happy about
that but those legendary engrams and
waste of fucking time obviously but i
will keep making those until I get
something awesome believe so yeah if you
liked it please leave a like thumbs up
whatever consider subscribing if you
want to see more in the future and yeah
sheboy high on PCP out peace